# Configuration
Out of the box, vlc-discord-rpc is configured to work with minimal ambiguity by configuring VLC, on launch, with command-line arguments. In most cases, it is unnecessary to manually reconfigure.

This file will explain what each configuration option in the [config/config.js](./config/config.js) file does.

## Startup Commands
The startup commands are only relevant when running in attached (default) mode. Vlc-discord-rpc uses the startup commands to open VLC for you. It will only use the field that applies to your operating system:

win32 = Windows

linux = Linux

darwin = MacOS

unix = Unix

```
startupCommands: {
    win32: 'C:/Program Files/VideoLAN/VLC/vlc.exe',
    linux: '/usr/bin/vlc',
    unix: '/usr/bin/vlc',
    darwin: '/Applications/VLC.app/Contents/MacOS/VLC',
}
```

## rpc
### id
```
id: '410664151334256663'
```
The rich presence Application ID. This ID is specific to vlc-discord-rpc, and gives the rich presence its name ("VLC Media Player") and image assets (cone icon, playing icon, etc). Applications can be created on [this page](https://discord.com/developers/applications/me) for maximum customization.

### updateInterval
```
updateInterval: 5000
```
The number of milliseconds between queries to VLC for information about what is playing. Note that Discord only recieves updates if something changes. Also note that more frequent queries means more CPU usage.

Change this setting to your own preference I guess.

### sleepTime
```
sleepTime: 30000
```
When playback is paused, the number of milliseconds until the rich presence turns off ("sleeps"). The rich presence will come back when playback resumes. Note that whether or not to sleep is decided every updateInterval, which means that sleep will occur on sleepTime's nearest upper multiple of updateInterval.

### displayTrackNumber
Whether or not to display the album track number. Track numbers show up as "(# of #)" on the rich presence, and only when the metadata has both the track number and total number of tracks.
```
displayTrackNumber: true,
```
### displayTimeRemaining
Whether or not to display the remaining time of the media you are playing.
```
displayTimeRemaining: true,
```
### detached
Enable or disable detached mode.
```
detached: false, // Launch VLC seperately
```
## vlc
This section relates to how VLC is configured
### password
This is the password of VLC's web interface. In attached mode, this is the password that will be set on the VLC instance that opens. In detached mode, it needs to be set manually.
```
password: '' || randomPass(), // Enter password between the semi-quotes
```
When the two single-quotes are empty, a random password is generated by randomPass() instead, to facilitate attached mode.
### port
This must be the port that VLC's web interface is listening on. VLC defaults to 8080, but the config is set to 9090. This was supposed to prevent port collisions because 8080 is a common port.
```
port: 9090
```
### address
This must be the hostname that VLC's web interface is listening on. Most likely does not need changing.
```
address: 'localhost',
```
